README.md, before:

# Vue-CRUD Application
A Complete Single Page Application (SPA) using Vue, Vue Router, Bootstrap-Vue, Vuex and all....

---

## Project Todo List

### Setup

- [x] Vue JS Page Setup
- [x] Vue Router Setup
- [x] Vue-Bootstrap Setup
- [x] Vuex Setup for Central Storage Management

### CRUD
- [x] Page Design Using Bootstrap Vue
    - [x] Product List Page Design
    - [x] Product Create/Edit Page Design
    - [x] Product View Page Design
    - [x] Product Delete Modal
- [ ] Product List
    - [ ] Product List API Integration
    - [ ] Product Pagination
    - [ ] Product Searching
- [ ] Product Create
    - [ ] Form Validation throw `Vue-validate`
- [ ] Product Edit
- [ ] Product Delete
    - [ ] Sweet Alert or other alert system

## Project setup

```bash
git clone https://github.com/ManiruzzamanAkash/Vue-3-Advance-CRUD.git
cd Vue-3-Advance-CRUD
npm install
```

### Compiles and hot-reloads for development
```bash
npm run serve
```

### Compiles and minifies for production
```bash
npm run build
```

### Lints and fixes files
```bash
npm run lint
```

Commit message:

API Documentation Added for this project

README.md, after:

# Vue-CRUD Application
A Complete Single Page Application (SPA) using Vue, Vue Router, Bootstrap-Vue, Vuex and all....

---

## Project Todo List

### Setup

- [x] Vue JS Page Setup
- [x] Vue Router Setup
- [x] Vue-Bootstrap Setup
- [x] Vuex Setup for Central Storage Management

### CRUD
- [x] Page Design Using Bootstrap Vue
    - [x] Product List Page Design
    - [x] Product Create/Edit Page Design
    - [x] Product View Page Design
    - [x] Product Delete Modal
- [ ] Product List
    - [ ] Product List API Integration
    - [ ] Product Pagination
    - [ ] Product Searching
- [ ] Product Create
    - [ ] Form Validation throw `Vue-validate`
- [ ] Product Delete
    - [ ] Sweet Alert or other alert system

## Project setup

```bash
git clone https://github.com/ManiruzzamanAkash/Vue-3-Advance-CRUD.git
cd Vue-3-Advance-CRUD
npm install
```

## API Project Setup (Laravel API)

https://github.com/ManiruzzamanAkash/Laravel-Basic-CRUD-API
> Note: It could be your api if you want. Just follow the process. It's super simple by using Laravel with PHP

### Compiles and hot-reloads for development
```bash
npm run serve
```

### Compiles and minifies for production
```bash
npm run build
```

### Lints and fixes files
```bash
npm run lint
```
